for the first time London was the seat of
qualifying stage of the golden brake
the main proof of the Creole horse of the
country has moved so that
ney braga exhibitions
if time cools the poncho hat and the
chimarrão help to heat references
for a traditional event of the
rio grande do sul for the first time
arrives at paraná londrina 1 is a pole
important thanks to its influence on
within the region's agriculture and livestock
a region that has many links with
sao paulo and mato grosso with thick mato
and so it is seen in a very
special and strategic within to win
the semifinal of the golden brake happened
in the park ney braga space of six thousand and
200 meters was created especially for
great equestrian events one thousand and six hundred
horses of the Creole breed were
enrolled
for three days the horses had the
standard of race rated the 30 best
were classified for the
skills in the hose happens to
and closed when
the horse completely dominates the animal
thinking against the wall in the
low budgets are observed by
positioning and the strength of the
horses
and in the paletalized the ability of the riders
in driving the heifer down the runway
the movements receive notes and the four
the best will play in the final
if you do not train a world does not arrive
then it has to be very productive.
dedication, our great patience and
Following undertakes not like service is
the main thing is strength of will and
I think it's too much work
the event that brings together the passionate public
traveled and 150 km to attend the event
jacarezinho in northern Parana and okay
very beautiful, congratulations on the event
first time in the north of Parana
It is interesting is tasty invest already
race gets stronger the city wins
ney braga park wins the core wins
we all came out victorious with a
creole horse in the city by his
rizal horse creole skill is very
been sought for in the field and the
end of the event will be between the 24th
August and 1 September in the city of
esteio rio grande do sul and today business
of the land is here tomorrow we
We got back at ten in the morning at six in the morning.
our portal you will find all the
agribusiness news access and check out
Contact Us
a big hug to you until tomorrow at
15 50 a tram is for you
earth business